
image alt 0
Home
Accommodations
Culinary & Bar
Experiences
Events
Offers
Gallery
Book Now
Retreats
What to Expect
Experiences
Culinary
Meetings & Events
The Conservatory
Development
Instagram
Facebook
image alt 1
Locations
New York, NY
Governors Island
New York Looks Different From Here
Immediately accessible yet a world away. Take an 8-minute ferry ride and set foot onto the island’s 173 acres of peaceful, sprawling green space. Unspoiled skyline and landmark views are enjoyed from our unique indoor/outdoor accommodations, sprinkled from the shoreline to the retreat’s great lawn. 

 

Reset and get totally removed from city life while exploring all our island retreat has to offer. Morning yoga, slow bike rides, culinary explorations, sunset cocktails, and once-in-a-lifetime views await.

image alt 8
image alt 9
image alt 10
Reserve A Table
5 star dining
+ 5 star views
Interior of Outlook villa in Governors Islandon Governors Island of Collective RetreatsAccommodations
Dinner in Culinary
Two man riding bike into the gateExperiences
Something for everyone
New York is rich in history, culture, and excitement. Our Governors Island experiences pay homage to the greatest city in the world, the Collective way.

Two man riding bike with the city view
Island Explorations • Biking
Men doing yoga exercise in the sunrise
Wellness Activities • Sunrise Yoga
Sunset view from Governors Island
The Sunset Terrace • Drinks + Live Music
Campfire on Governors Island with the Statue of Liberty in the background
S'mores on the Lawn • A Nightly Ritual
See All Experiences
Experience the retreat
Your questions, answered
You don’t need to spend hours in weekend traffic to escape the city— an 8-minute ferry ride places you worlds away. Recharge throughout your stay at our peaceful oasis harboring endless opportunities for discovery and relaxation.

WHAT IS COLLECTIVE RETREATS?
Collective Retreats is a new, meaningful way to travel. We have reimagined the traditional hotel experience, creating intimate destination retreats in unique locations.

Each retreat in our portfolio includes accommodations that combine style and comfort, and dining that enhances its surroundings. Through thoughtful design, personalized guest attention, and insider information and tips, you’ll learn about and experience the location in a new way. By the end of the trip, you’ll have connected to the place, yourself, and those around you.

What is Collective Governors Island?
You’ve never experienced New York City like this before. Collective Governors Island is a quick ferry ride from downtown Manhattan, where you can enjoy luxury camping at a peaceful oasis nestled near the hills of historic Governors Island. One of the most unique escapes in New York, you’ll be surrounded by sprawling green space with unparalleled views of the Statue of Liberty across the New York Harbor. It’s a retreat unlike any other in the world.

Perfect for couples, families, solo travelers, and group gatherings!

What are the Accommodations Like?
Our accommodations have everything you’d expect from a five-star hotel, from plush beds with high thread count linens to bathrooms with luxury bath amenities. We offer a daily breakfast basket delivered to your tent, and farm-to-table dinners every evening at our restaurant, Three Peaks.
The retreat features the following accommodation types:
Summit Tents: Our thoughtfully designed Summit Tents bring style and comfort to the outdoors, with choice of king-size bed or two single beds made up with high-thread-count linens, private en-suite bathrooms, plush towels, boutique bathroom amenities, and private decks with Adirondack chairs.
Journey Tents: Our Journey Tents are the little sibling to our Summit Tents, created on a smaller scale but with equally unique design features. Journey Tents are available in King or Two Twin configuration, each with fine linens, plush towels, various in-tent amenities and communal bathrooms.
Outlook Shelters: Our deluxe guest room containers are full-service suites with beautifully designed bedroom, living space, and bathroom. These modular luxury hotel rooms are fully sheltered from the elements with climate control, and include a king bed, en suite bathroom with luxury spa soaking tub, two private decks with Adirondack chairs, a living/lounge space with coffee table, as well as mini bar / mini fridge.
Summit and Journey tents can accommodate 2 adults.
Our family Journey tents accommodate up to 2 adults and 2 children.
We have some rollaway beds available for an additional cost. Limit 1 rollaway bed per tent.

What is there to do on site?
Guests can enjoy an array of activities that take advantage of our expansive outdoor setting including:

Morning Yoga
Extensive spa offerings at QC NY (located adjacent to Retreat)
Live music every evening
Cocktail hour on the sunset terrace 
Chef-driven farm-to-table dining 
Historic Governor’s island adventuring by bike
WHAT FOOD & BEVERAGE IS AVAILABLE?
Our gourmet dining experience delivers a contemporary American menu with a focus on wood flame grilling and offers multiple dinner options.

Both Overnight and non-overnight guests are invited to enjoy our Wood-Fire Grill menu and a la carte menus in addition to an extensive selection of specialty beer, classic cocktails, and wine offerings. Walk-ins are welcomed for dinner.

Pair any dining option with a classic cocktail, wine, or beer from The Sunset Terrace Bar.

Each morning a continental breakfast basket filled with yogurt, fresh fruit, pastries, juice, and protein bar will be delivered to your tent.

Are you Pet Friendly?
While we love animals, unfortunately, pets are not allowed at Collective Governors Island, with the exception of service animals.

 

How do you get to Collective Governors Island?
The quick and picturesque journey starts at the Governors Island Ferry departing daily from Lower Manhattan and Brooklyn that connect to the Island. Governors Island is a car-free environment best explored by foot or bicycle. Local airports include Newark International, LaGuardia, and JFK. You can take public transportation or a taxi to the 10 South Street Ferry Terminal. From there, take the Governors Island Ferry.

Explore a Different Collective Retreat
One of our canvas tents overlooking Hill Country in Wimberley, Texas.
Hill Country
Wimberly, TX
Sign up for Collective emails & offers

Travel for the Collective Good
WHY THIS MATTERS
Governors Island, NY
Vail, CO
Hill Country, TX
Tumbling River Ranch, CO
The Conservatory
About Us
FAQs
Gift Cards
Press
Experiences
Meetings & Events
Gallery
Collective Journal
Careers
Terms & Conditions
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Health / Safety
Development
Supplier Registration
Sitemap
Contact
10:00 AM – 8:00 PM EST

(970) 445-2033

 

hello@collectiveretreats.com

1800 Wazee Street
Denver, CO 80202

Social
COLLECTIVE RETREATS
COLLECTIVE RETREATS
image alt 21
FEATURED IN:
image alt 22
image alt 23
image alt 24
image alt 25
image alt 26
image alt 27
image alt 28
Cookies & Privacy
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. What for?

Accept

Complete your booking
Resume booking

